OSDOCS-16940: DITA other Vale fixes for OLM admin/user topics (#115360)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-installing-global-namespaces.adoc

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f global-operatorgroup.yaml
----

.Next steps

> * Install the desired Operator in your custom global namespace. Because the web console does not populate the *Installed Namespace* menu during Operator installation with custom global namespaces, the install task can only be performed with the OpenShift CLI (`oc`). For a detailed installation procedure, see "Installing from OperatorHub by using the CLI".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install the desired Operator in your custom global namespace. Because the web console does not populate the *Installed Namespace* menu during Operator installation with custom global namespaces, the install task can only be performed with the OpenShift CLI (`oc`). For a detailed installation procedure, see "Installing from software catalog by using the CLI".
```
